[opening theme music playing]
[alarm wailing]
[footsteps approaching]
[suspenseful music playing]
Stay right where you are!
What's going on in there?
You'd better start talking
right now.
[Sonny] Inmate number
FE40536.
Full name, Jolyne Cujoh.
This is the second time
you've caused us a problem.
The first time
was a failed escape attempt.
And this time, there's a dead
female prisoner in the crypt,
with a bleeding crater in
her skull.
I'd call that unnatural.
And yet, somehow
you have the balls
to remain silent
and throw us attitude.
Deadly accidents,
severe injuries seem to follow
you around like a bad fart.
We can't prove
you're behind them,
but you can't escape that
criminal reputation of yours.
So, from now on,
you're gonna learn
how to play by our rules.
[grunts]
Term length pending!
That's it!
Get used to this
Ultra Security House Unit
as your new home.
[door shuts, lock clicks]
[grunts]
[gasps, pants]
[chains clanking]
[gasps]
[screams]
Shit!
-Shit! Oh, shit!
-[prisoner 1] It's a woman!
[laughs]
[prisoner 2 laughs]
A chick is here.
[prisoner 3] It sure smells
female, doesn't it?
[prisoner 4] The scent is
rising from the floor
like a Thanksgiving dinner.
-[all laugh, cheer]
-[grunts]
Is this a...
[prisoner 4] Hell yeah! Look!
I threw some shit
on her face.
[prison 3 laughs]
That woman's face and
my shit touched each other!
[prisoner 3] I want
to throw mine at her, too.
[prisoner 2 laughs crazily]
[Jolyne] The one thing
I can't let happen
is the loss of
mental strength.
I have to stay strong
and focused.
Stress kills your stamina.
I have an objective
that I have
to achieve here at this Unit.
I'll get it done,
no matter what.
[Jolyne] But the only way
it's gonna happen is if
I don't let myself surrender
to useless exhaustion.
No.
Instead,
I'll only become stronger.
[Dio] If someone wished
to go to heaven,
there may be a way.
Hmm?
[Dio] Hey, don't look at me
that way.
It's not like I'm telling you
to wither and die.
This heaven pertains
to our spirits,
and where they go after death.
As your spirit evolves,
so too does your power.
Where they ultimately end up
is what fascinates me.
I mean that place
where they go.
Surely, you, of all people,
understand what
I'm talking about.
Within that place lies
real true happiness.
If you can actually
reach heaven, that is.
Though, I'm aware
joy cannot be found
by having an invincible body,
vast riches, or even reigning
over all humanity.
In the end, the true winner
is the one who gets
to witness heaven.
Offering whatever sacrifice.
[kids chanting]
I will go there
one way or another.
["STONE OCEAN"
by ichigo playing]
[Ermes] Look! For example,
I'll put a sticker on this.
It splits in two.
This is my particular power.
It's called Smack.
If I peel the sticker off,
the pen will revert
back to
its original single form.
And I can destroy it
by cracking it.
I accept this power as
a revelation from the heavens.
[suspenseful music playing]
I'll make sure you remember
Smack is my license,
my green light for revenge.
[Sports Maximum]
Good morning, Father.
Is it all right if I take
this beautiful flower?
For some reason, I've recently
come to like them.
[Father Pucchi]
By all means, it's yours.
Sports Maximum.
[indistinct chatter]
Huh?
Hey, F.F. Look!
They're cutting you in line.
Hey, they're cutting
in front of you, I said.
-Yeah, I know.
-Huh?
Uh, come on!
It's obvious they all
look down on me
and don't accept me.
I think I just have
to let it go.
"Wait your turn, asshole!"
That's what I would say.
Uh, that feels like a bad idea.
You can't succeed by force.
If you want to be accepted,
you have to change. Right?
So, I thought I should
just do
the opposite of what
I've been doing.
Does coffee have a reverse?
Um, ah, tea?
Oh, yeah!
Let me explain what I mean.
Atroe's body wants
coffee right now,
so that means
I'm gonna drink tea.
Deliberately!
You get it?
I'll eat rice
instead of bread.
Instead of my right hand,
I'll hold the spoon
in my left and eat.
And that, I'm gonna change
myself by flipping everything.
Hey, check this out, F.F.
These are the scars from
when I took those bullets.
They hurt like hell.
[F.F.] I already told you.
I just stuffed the holes
with plankton,
so full recovery is all up to
your own healing power.
-Got that?
-Yeah.
Hey, Jolyne, what do you think
is the opposite of pork?
I don't know,
chicken or beef?
The opposite of pork
is salmon.
Pigs are lazy bastards,
unlike salmon.
They swim upstream like
the total badasses they are.
I like it, yeah!
[Jolyne]
But they're cutting again.
Don't let them disrespect you.
Say something!
I told you, I'm flipping
the script from before.
Like letting more of them
come in front of me.
Come on! Keep it moving.
Let's go!
What the hell, guys?
Stop cutting!
We're all waiting in line here.
Hey! Hands off, bitch!
Get back, you trash whore!
You'd better take
a step back, swamp monster.
-[all arguing]
-Now, we can slide right in.
Man, nice going, F.F.
So slick!
[chomping]
By the way, do you know
where Ermes has been?
I haven't seen her around,
not for days, in fact.
-Wait! What? You don't know?
-Huh?
Seriously? Chasing a guy?
That Ermes, for real?
Yeah! In fact,
every morning, recently.
You know, pretty sure
it happened the day
you got those holes
in your belly, too.
Huh?
[F.F.] I can't find
Jolyne anywhere.
There's a panic in
the courtyard.
Bad shit's going down.
[grunts]
Huh! Hey, Ermes!
Best to just leave her alone.
[slurps]
[sighs]
That prisoner Ermes is after?
[Jolyne] Yeah, you know
what goes on here, right?
-[yawning]
-Um-hm.
I'm so happy you see fit
to rely on me, Jolyne.
-Huh?
-Cough it up, girl.
You know damn well this info
wasn't gonna come for free.
Call it a finder's fee.
Come on! I'll give you
the friends-and-family
discount.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
That's it.
"Today,
in the early dawn hours,
a body of a woman,
assumed to be collateral damage
in a gang dispute,
was found in the city river."
A local Florida paper
from six years ago.
And exactly like that
Gwess girl said it happened.
[Jolyne] Gloria Costello.
She is Ermes's sister.
[Ermes] For the past few days,
I've been watching
your every move
closely and carefully,
just biding my sweet time.
Then, in a surprising
turn of events,
I saw you hanging around
in the former prison's
cemetery, cleaning.
You left some flowers there.
Is it the grave of
some fellow gang members
that died by electric chair?
I also saw you skulking
around in the workshop,
making stuffed birds
and alligators, of all things.
How'd a thug like you suddenly
take an interest
in crafts like taxidermy?
I mean,
it doesn't really matter.
The only thing
I actually give a shit about
and want to know for sure is...
[grunts]
Jolyne, and F.F.
Hey, Ermes,
you're looking well.
Oh, here!
I brought you some breakfast.
[grunts]
By the way,
that guy you've been
following around for days...
Who I'm following?
What do you mean?
Cut the crap!
[F.F.] His name is
Sports Maximum.
Sure! Outside,
he's a Big-D gangster.
But right now, he's doing
a hard time in
the men's ward here.
How fascinating,
but I don't give a rat's ass.
Wait, Ermes!
If I'm not mistaken,
the reason you were sent
to Green Dolphin
was for robbing
a convenience store, right?
Did you go out of your way
to cause an incident
so you purposely
get arrested?
You wanted to get revenge
on him,
as payback for your sister
I know it.
Back off!
It's against the rules here
to investigate people.
Is that right?
Sorry, but today I chose
to do the opposite thing.
[both grunt]
It's none of your business.
Go back to your ward.
It's just as Ermes
said earlier, Jolyne.
You've got your own important
objective here. Am I right?
[Jolyne] I guess...
[Ermes] Wait for me, Gloria.
I'll get revenge on him
with my own hands.
Ermes, dear.
From now on, I'll be
your foster mother.
It will be okay.
[Ermes] Ever since that day,
Gloria,
no matter what, you would
always put our family first,
before anything else.
[Gloria] Ermes,
we could really use
your help around
this place, at least a little.
Dad's leaving us
the restaurant.
I can't do this by myself.
I want us to do this together.
I don't give a shit
about this place.
I'm getting out of here.
I'm gonna go to college on
a track and field scholarship.
Now, butt out of my life and
stop acting like my mother.
Ermes, wait!
Where are you going?
[footsteps]
[pants]
[gasps]
[man groans]
Please, help me!
[Sports Maximum]
I want you to hold
that chunk of wood there
in your mouth,
Not like a dog
chews a bone,
but the way a baby sucks
on a binky.
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[breathes heavily]
-[screams]
-[gasps]
[Ermes] She had no plans
to look around that corner,
nor would she
have reported them, anyway.
Leave the ones that move
in darkness
to those in darkness.
Otherwise, there's no way
you could operate
a functioning restaurant
in that trashy city.
But that night...
[gasps]
Gloria, while more than
aware of the dangers,
had no choice
but to report them
in order to protect me.
-But...
-[gavel bangs]
[judge]
Defendant Sports Maximum,
sentenced to five years
for tax evasion
and grievous bodily injury.
[gasps]
Only five years?
That's all he fucking gets?
[grunts]
If the witness is like that,
we can't catch him by the tail.
A felony charge
wouldn't stick.
[Ermes] He told those goons
to kill her.
All the evidence
has been destroyed.
[sobbing]
Hey, you son of a bitch.
I'm not fucking finished
with you.
Hold down, miss!
Um.
[shouts]
You piece of shit!
[footsteps]
Huh?
[dramatic music playing]
[Ermes]
I see your memory's intact.
Works for me!
Gloria would be so pleased.
[shouts]
Gloria!
Agh!
[grunts]
I've been waiting years
for this chance.
A place where
I could get you alone,
and nobody will hear
your screams but me.
That's the one thing
I couldn't stop
thinking about
this whole time.
What this ordeal must
have been like for Gloria.
So, Sports Maximum,
this is gonna be burned
into your memory forever.
[upbeat music playing]
[Sports Maximum grunts]
What the hell
do you think you're doing?
You can't keep me trapped
in here!
Well, I know your prison term
ends in about a year or so.
Once you're outside,
you'll always
have a bodyguard on point.
But here, you're my bitch!
[grunts, creams]
Well, look at that!
Like a glove.
Now, the rusty pipes in
this prison aren't big enough
for a person
to fit comfortably inside.
But see!
It does make a nice improv
coffin, don't you think?
[rumbling]
Was that the sound
of him falling down?
Hey, help me!
Just who the hell
do you think you are?
Let me out of here right now!
I'm serious!
[Ermes] You still don't know
who I am?
-Try harder!
-Huh?
Come on, now!
Use your last moments
to think!
You threw Gloria to
the sewage, you bastard.
Because of that,
dad got depressed
and it made him sick.
I've lost everything I had.
So, apologize to them when you
get to hell, Sports Maximum.
If you can apologize with
that sphincter you call
a mouth.
Agh!
Oh, just so you know,
I put one more sticker
on the pipe.
Consider it the last nail
in your coffin.
All right!
It's totally sealed.
Now, feel free to scream
your lungs out,
and don't stop.
-[Sports Maximum] You bitch!
-[Ermes] Try calling for help!
Though, I bet the only ones
who'd even be listening
are just the roaches
and the rats.
-[water running]
-[groans]
Now, you're in
the sewage, too, shithead!
Scream, Sports Maximum!
Scream for me!
[Sports Maximum] Those
resurrecting from darkness,
Limp Viscuit,
rise and come with me.
[Ermes grunts]
With the darkness,
share the joy,
-Limp Viscuit...
-[glass shatters]
[grunts, gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[Ermes] What...
[wings flapping]
[gasps]
What is that?
The fuck!
Something's happening!
[exclaims]
What? What the hell?
Could it be Sports Maximum?
[groans]
[screams]
-Argh!
-[wings flapping, buzzing]
[yells]
[pants]
Shit! My finger, it hurts!
Ugh, this is a Stand.
I don't get why I didn't
freaking see it before.
But it was definitely an object
with weight and mass.
Maybe a bird.
[screams]
Sticker!
[grunts]
[tense music playing]
Crap! Did we kill it?
Did it get demolished?
I didn't count on that guy
becoming a Stand User.
What's wrong?
You've got real quiet, dick!
Speak up! Rat got your tongue?
Did you get crushed
in the pipe?
Do dreams come true?
Or maybe, you're literally
in shit up to your eyeballs,
and you ate so much
you drowned in it?
-[thuds]
-Huh?
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts]
[Ermes] What is this thing?
Sports Maximum's still alive?
The power of
this invisible thing
means that fucker's still
in the pipe.
And he didn't die?
[stomping]
This one's even bigger, shit!
[footsteps]
[pants]
So fast!
[grunts]
[Ermes] This power...
Could it possibly be
the stuffed alligator
from the workshop?
The first one was the birds.
Does it mean that the corpses
are moving?
Can the powers of
the invisible corpses
actually shift and attack?
Damn it, shitsnake!
He's trying to get out
of the pipe by breaking it.
-[Jolyne] Ermes.
-Huh?
What the hell
are you doing up there?
Yeah, Ermes.
Jolyne was worried about you--
Jolyne, F.F., no!
Don't come this way!
[chomping]
[pants]
[screams]
No!
-No, F.F.
-There's an enemy, Jolyne.
It's an alligator.
A demonic spirit is waiting
on the floor. Watch out!
[gobbling]
Oh, shit!
There goes my leg.
Hey, Ermes!
What's going on, for real?
-Is this a Stand attack?
-Yes, exactly.
It's Sports Maximum's tool.
While I was rotting in lockup,
he became a Stand User.
[growls]
Run, now!
It's right behind you!
It's already moving to strike!
[Jolyne] Stone Ocean!
Ora!
[all grunt]
[shrieks]
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]